*M1: Summary*
---------- 

Santiago and I agreed on the idea and considered that it was concrete enough, the reach was wide and therefore an initial scope was to be defined. The scoped was created restraining the variables that the initial set will have and the different incremental aims where included in the brief document. For the next meeting I'll work in:

* creating the tools to gather the dataset
* getting test users providing their NavTree 
* finding visual references and establishing comparison criteria with them.

Things to do:

* Define the variables that will be part of the dataset and de structure of such DB.
* Think and sketch (speculatively) how the graph of a NavTree looks like? What are the intuitions about the shape of the content?
* Present the idea that there's something missing in traditional lineal browsers' histories to show how the NavTree provides value to internet surfers.
* Explain why the existing solutions recording navigation choose linearity or bidimensional solutions, this can be done creating a comparison table to show the differences with NavTree.
* What are the analogies useful to explain this concept and software? What are the metaphores to use to shape the output?
* Check: Hiperbubo by Barragan & Burbano.
* Create a list of visual and mathematical references: Fractals, bionics, generative art...
* How many nodes are needed to provide information? What are the requirements for a pattern to emerge? Consider how exactly to prototype that and include in the software as critical human factors.
