*M2: News for this meeting*
------------
* The server is almost done, the relations are mapped and running on the DB and security measures for privacy issue have been implemented.
* The extension is al most finished in Safari. The tracking and building of information inside the organization is almost finished. The variables that can be tracked besides time and url have been described inside a table. Also the table shortly list some user behaviors that cannot be tracked with the Javascript API of Safari 5.1
* As a tool to get people to participate in the project providing the data, the server is designed taking privacy issues into account, allowing the user to own the data but at the same time to filter important information from the provided URLs and allowing an open API for anonymous queries to allow experiments with different datasets from different users.
* The definition of the language provides ideas of certain measures than can be performed and converted into information. Carefully defining such measures can be enriching to provide more accurate information. Examples are, content consumption density or flow (parallel coexistence of many tabs or windows). The length of the tree can also explain weather the browsing if focused and guided or scattered and not so obviously structured. The wholes in time where there's no movement or no tree presence at all also gives information about navigation routines through the day. Further variables like branch angle could also be used to provide information, it's not clear how.
* The definition of the user behaviours allows to include color or changes in shapes in the final graph and since they are clearly defined can be related as a one on one function with shapes for representation and to test when the user recognizes a pattern.
* The previously mentioned need of prototyping how many nodes and what other conditions are required for the user to perceive a pattern in the graph and "feel" the presence of information can be done as a screen divided in two where random dataset are graph in time increasing the number of visible nodes and allowing the user to select the first of both graphics that shows a pattern. Doing this with many users and many times can provide statistical insight into the datasets that are more pattern-like or information-transmitting in order to make further analisys focused on that.

*M2: Notes*
------------  
* Insight sobre el desarrollo personal y las experiencias.

*M2: Summary*
----------     

Things to do:
